ship, deliver
bill, invoice
phone, telephone
state, county
province, county
street, address
company, organization
zip, postalcode
part, model
part, product
model, product
reference, number
item, line
items, lines
item, model
items, models
line, model
lines, models
id, number
position, job

product, article
provider, supplier
seller, supplier
cargo, transport
bank, financialinstitution
rebate, discount

book, inVolume
price, amount
LectureNotes, CourseMaterial
humanCreator, createdBy
numberOrVolume, numbering
location, place
isbn, ISBN
address, coordinates
Conference, Congress
Collection, Compilation
School, University
school, issuer
annote, annotation
key, ref
date, publishingDate
Institution, Organization
series, inSeries
chapters, sections
journal, inPeriodical
pages, pageRange
howPublished, PublicationDetails
PersonList, People
Misc, Various
copyright, rights
Part, Section
InProceedings, Communication
reviewed, selection
Deliverable, Deliverable
note, comment
PageRange, PageInterval
Address, Directions
endPage, end
InCollection, InCompilation
collection, inCompilation
publisher, publishedBy
organizer, organizedBy
startPage, beginning
Academic, StudentReport
mrNumber, MRN
organization, sponsoredBy
event, meeting
Proceedings, ConferenceMinutes
affiliation, company
keywords, KeyWordsAndPhrases
parts, tomes
proceedings, inMinutes
chapter, section
issn, ISSN
language, idiom
firstPublished, startDate
articles, papers
Article, JournalPaper
Journal, Periodical
title, heading
url, link
Reference, Entry
communications, talks
institution, issuedBy
Booklet, Brochure
directors, directedBy
PhdThesis, DoctoralThesis
city, town
lccn, LCCN
Manual, ReferenceGuide
Informal, NonFormal
size, dimensions
Monograph, Monography
author, writtenBy
Publisher, PublishingHouse
MastersThesis, MScThesis
MotionPicture, Movie
TechReport, TechnicalReport
isPartOf, componentOf
abstract, summary
InBook, Extract
periodicity, frequency
Unpublished, Manuscript
contents, table

